
-----Reference Link--------

https://freelance.ua/users

https://www.weblancer.net/freelancers

https://www.behance.net/

https://www.itfreelancer.ro/

https://www.freelance.de/

https://www.twine.net/
golance.com
penpalworld.com
interpals.net
xing.com
https://www.404works.com/
https://www.paperub.com/
https://www.postjobfree.com/
https://paydesk.co/

top job server list in discord


https://www.freelancer.com/user/settings/verification


-------identity verify

https://www.freelancer.com/users/kyc/verification-center


----letter------

Hello, 
How's it going well?
I'm seeking for a talented person who can work with me.
If you are interested in this project, please send me message "Hey, my friend" via Telegram, Discord or Skype.

Telegram:: https://t.me/Angel_8_215
Skype :: live:.cid.e41411d0e7f464b3
Discord:: angel_mario121

---------


"Hello, I hope you are doing well.
We are Bright Solutions, a fast-growing software development agency, and we continue to recruit Upwork account providers to get as many jobs at Upwork.com as possible.
By signing up as an Upwork account provider, you can earn regular passive income every month by simply turning on your home computer during your working hours.
precondition:
- You must be the first to create an Upwork account with your information.
- Or you must already have an account created in the software developer category.
explanation:
- If you do not already have an Upwork account, we will create a new Upwork account on a computer at your address with the information you provide.
- You must log in/use your Upwork account with your local IP address, so you must turn on your computer at your address during office hours. The Upwork platform detects the end user's local IP address.
- Upload your ID and selfie if Upwork requires full account verification.
If you are interested in signing up as an Upwork account provider, please contact me.
We will discuss more about payment for your services and more.
It is possible to pay up front, let's have a discussion about the project payment share
Call me Dream High
Skype ID: live:.cid.3051bde9d0cc5409
Telegram : https://t.me/dream7512
whatsapp : +31 6 37889850
    thank you"
	
	
	

I am web & mobile app developer who have rich experiences on freelancer.com.
My common monthly income was 3000~4000USD. My account level was top 3% of the platform but unfortunately, it was closed a few weeks ago. 
So I need another account to continue work.
Creating account needs verify identify and payment. So I can't use my identity again because I already used it. 
If you create your account on  freelancer.com and lend me it, I will share you of monthly income. 
You can create your account and connect your payment to the account. 
If I make money on your account, the money will go to your PayPal or card. You will get your part of money and send me the rest of money.

----

-----------
  ffmpeg -i 1.mp4 -r 1/1 frame%01d.png
  
  https://www.peakpx.com/
  
  password1997!((&






✅ ☀️ ⚡ ⭐ ✨ ☑️ 🎄


----------Bid-----------


generate important 3 or 4 questions to the client who posted the job posting above

How should I say it in 1 simple technical sentence to prove to the client who post this project my ability for this task?
Please start with "I can".
Only technical sentence!


Give me 1 sentence about main purpose of this project.

He's not a tech guy, I need to ask about requirements. 


Most of questions you provided should be solved by the developer

I need to ask that client can answer from their side



--------Account create

I'm Python developer and my monthly income was $1000usd on freelancer.com at least

So I need new freelancer account and need work continue

If you create freelancer account and lend to me, I will share my income with you


I was hospitalized for a year to get eye surgery, my account was close because I couldn't use my account during that period
--


Freelancer.com is world wide online job site for whoever can earn much money



I need virtual assistant
must be able to call in english.
age is 18+.
must have PC and ID card.
will monthly pay.






Ireland
4:30
Andorra
4:30
Monaco
4:30
Croatia
4:30
Slovenia
4:30
Albania
4:30
Kosovo
4:31
Bosnia
4:31
Slobakia
4:31
Lithuania
4:31
Estonia
4:31
Georgia
4:32
Kurkmenistan
4:32
Uzbekistan
4:32
Mongolia
4:33
Papua New Guinea

Mexico
4:34
Guatemala


https://www.freelancer.com/
https://www.freelancer.com/users/kyc/verification-center
Many clients from US want to hire a freelancer from US area. I want you to create the US freelancer account and allow me to use your account. In a word, you will pass the ID verification of your US freelancer account and then I will get the projects from there and make the money. As a reward, I share with you the profit from the income that I make with my freelancing jobs.


where are you from, I wanna friends who will study together
I like chatting and learning new language
I know English and Spanish
and a little chinese and a little japanese
and a little Russian


------------

---Japan

Hello @angel_12
:star2: Help Bring Hope to Children in Gaza! :rainbow:
Dear Friends and Supporters,
As a proud member of UNICEF, I am reaching out to you with a heartfelt plea for urgent assistance. The children in Gaza are facing unimaginable challenges due to the ongoing conflict, and they need our help.
:broken_heart: The Situation:
The recent war has left countless children in Gaza without access to the basic necessities of life. They are experiencing the harsh realities of conflict, and many families are struggling to provide for their children's needs.
:handshake: Our Mission:
In collaboration with UNICEF, we are launching a fundraising campaign to provide life-saving support to the children in Gaza. Your contribution can make a significant impact by offering them essential resources, including food, clean water, medical care, and educational opportunities.
:blue_heart: How You Can Help:
We are accepting donations in cryptocurrency to make the process convenient and secure. Every contribution, big or small, brings us closer to our goal of bringing hope and relief to these resilient children.
Binance USDT BEP20 Wallet Address: 0xB8Ced42d2656E2C50a0dB32063A20b2AF664be66
:earth_africa: Why Cryptocurrency?
Cryptocurrency enables fast, transparent, and secure transactions, ensuring that your donation reaches those in need efficiently. Together, we can make a difference and create a brighter future for these children.
:pray: Spread the Word:
Share this post with your friends, family, and colleagues. Every share brings us one step closer to reaching our fundraising goal and providing vital support to the children in Gaza.
Let's join hands to make a positive impact on the lives of these children who deserve a chance at a better tomorrow. Your generosity can make a world of difference.
Thank you for being a beacon of hope!
With gratitude, 









--design buddies
directfreelance
encode club
ID sky
European Language
study together
design buddies
for hire




This is my Skype address

live:.cid.fb2c77cadcb439a4


Hello, this is Koki from Japan.
We are kind of an international team of software engineers and we do mainly website, mobile app and game development projects work.
We have very good and high rated profiles on several freelancing platforms, so our monthly income is pretty high.
I am planning to expand our business, that’s why I am looking for a new online partner who can provide us with a freelancer account
Simply, you would be the real person who opens the freelancer account and act as just the face of that account, and we will be the real ones who work on the projects coming from the account
As a reward, we will share the profit by percent from the freelancing income with you


---------Account

Hi.
Hope you are doing well.
I have offer for you.
Do you know https://freelancer.com?
Freelancer.com is world wide online job site that whoever can earn much money.
I'm Python developer and my monthly income was $1000usd on freelancer.com at least.
I am planning to expand our business, so I need new freelancer account.
If you create freelancer account and lend to me, I will share my income with you whenever I earn money from your account.
Simply, you would be the real person who opens the freelancer account and act as just the face of that account, and we will be the real ones who work on the projects coming from the account.
If you interested this offer, please send me message "Hi, friend" via skype or discord.

Skype :: live:.cid.e41411d0e7f464b3
Discord:: angel_mario121


I've worked on IT company since few years ago, I need to leave on company due to financial problem of company.
So I'm going to freelancing on freelancer.com.
I've tried to login to freelancer.com, but my account already closed.
Because I've registered to that platform a 5 years ago, and I've never worked since then.


/////


Hi.
Hope you are doing well.
Do you know https://freelancer.com?
Freelancer.com is world wide online job site that whoever can earn much money.
We are kind of an international team of software engineers and we do mainly website, mobile app and game development projects work.
We have very good and high rated profiles on several freelancing platforms, so our monthly income is pretty high.
I am planning to expand our business, that’s why I am looking for a new online partner who can provide us with a freelancer account
Simply, you would be the real person who opens the freelancer account and act as just the face of that account, and we will be the real ones who work on the projects coming from the account.
So, how to create freelancer account?

Please watch this video.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iInOClz2PIY

As you can see, it's very easy.

As a reward, we will share the profit by percent from the freelancing income with you
If you interested this offer, please send me message "Hi, friend" via skype or discord.

Skype :: live:.cid.e41411d0e7f464b3
Discord:: angel_mario121


/////Third method////////

Hi.
Hope you're doing well.
I would like to give you a suggestion to make money together.
Do you know Freelancer.com?
Freelancer.com is a world wide online job site where anyone can earn a lot of money.
I worked for an IT company for 5 years, I created my freelancer account 7 years ago, I did not use my freelancer account while I worked for an IT company because I didn't need to do a side job because the salary was enough.
But currently my company has got trouble financially so many employees are getting fired and salary is getting reduced, so I need to get a side job on a freelancing platform, so I tried to login my account.
But it seemed to be closed already I think because it has not been active for a long time.
Due to freelancer rules, I can't create an account with my ID card again.
So, I am looking for someone to create an account on my behalf and lend to me.
If you create a freelancer account(https://freelancer.com) and lend to me, I will share my income with you.
After I earn money, you can withdraw all the money I earned from your account to your card or PayPal and just keep your share and give me the rest.
Also, if you want I will get a project that suits your skills and will give the project to you.
If you are interested in this offer, please send me a message "Hello, friend" via skype.
Skype :: live:.cid.2e5315fb53e3ba0b




//////Anydesk us


If you need to use your pc for your business, it is okay for me as well 
I just asked it is very good option to use acc on your real IP address due to freelancer terms of services
When you verify your identity , then you need to fill out your ID detail which involves location where you live.
If we use IP address of other location than your KYC location, it is not good in using  your account safely
The most important things is just to use acc very safely, 
Even I use ph proxy, then we should only access to your acc with that py proxy of browser
Freelancer site is strict website for security and scam action, So If we use different IP address, account will be banned
If you need to use your laptop for your business, thaen we can use acc on ph proxy.
But at this time , you are required to only access via Ph proxy which will be provided by me 
Or If it is not convenient, you can access your acc via anydesk on my pc, 
According to freelancer's terms and conditions, one user cannot access his/her account from different IP locations.
Of course, there may be cases where you need to move to a remote area or country for work and need to access your freelancer account.
The safest way is to use your account using anydesk from your real IP, the second possible way is to use a proxy.
In this case, you must only access your account through the proxy I provide.
If I'm logged in from IP A and you try to log in from IP B, the freelancer AI bot will detect this and apply a usage ban to our account.








//About freelancer.com


If client post project, many freelancers bid on that project.
So, client discuss about own project with freelancers, and award project to selected freelancer.
If I selected, I can work on client's project.
After finish project, I can receive money from client.
money will be come to your freelancer account.
So, you can withdraw money as all or needed quantity to your debit card or paypal.

