Civil Engineer

Hi.
I've read your job description carefully.
I am a licensed Structural & Civil engineer in FL, US and am familiar with local building codes.

I do full scale structural and foundation design of all types of building and non-building structures.

a) Structural design of infrastructure (concrete/ steel/ aluminum/ glass)
b) Geo-technical design like foundation, shore protection, retaining wall etc.
c) Quantity Survey, Drawing & Detailing, Project planning
d) Load, wind, and seismic calculations of residential home.
e) Design of plumbing and electrical.
f) Energy and HVAR calculation 
I guarantee you will get more than you expected.
Feel free to contact me, I am here to help.
Regards


------------

Hi.
I'm a Structural/Civil Engineer with 7 years professional experience. I specialize in the design of stamp and  Reinforced Concrete structures.
I'm Autocad and Revit Structure Certified Professional from Autodesk.

I have experience in:
1- Structural Design of Buildings using soft-wares like: SAP2000, ETABS, and SAFE.
2- BIM Modeling using Revit Structure.
3- Structural Workshop Drawings for Concrete Buildings and Bridges.
4- Finite Element Analysis using Abaqus.
5- AutoCAD Drafting for Structural and Architectural drawings.
6- Making Excel Sheets for Design and BOQ.
7- Writing Technical Reports and Scientific Papers.

I'm ready to apply my skills and experience to your projects and look forward to hearing from you.
Thanks

---

As a registered structural and civil engineer in the state of Texas, I can design, draft and stamp your garage construction plans.
For the past 10 years, I have been well versed in AutoCAD, SketchUp, Solidworks, Keyshot, Electrical drawing, etc. technologies based on MEP drawing.
I would like to chat with you to discuss more in detail.

------Tall

Hello. I have thought carefully about your job – “”.
"Fast delivery, high quality and accuracy."
These were the customer reviews of my work.
I have solid knowledge and mastery of .
My experience and skills make me well suited to this project.
I guarantee you will get more than you expected.
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you would like to discuss further.
Warm Regard!


https://www.upwork.com/freelancers/~012bfc38926ccc0bbc

------Chemical Engineer

Hello
I am a hands-on cosmetic chemist with over 13 years of experience in developing wide range of skin care, hair care, make-up products such as lipsticks etc, nail care, oral care, vetcare and personal wash cosmetic products.
I've held various senior and executive level management positions within FDA and EPA governed companies. 
The services I offer include Formula Design and Ingredient Selection (cosmetic raw materials, active ingredients, additives, hydrogels, etc.), labeling and packaging, and the creation of brand identity. I have experience in the development of different skincare products: lotions, serums, moisturizers, masks, cleansers, among others. 
I've checked your project detail carefully and I can formulate a henna paste with all-natural skin-safe preservatives that maintains its dyeing properties throughout a 6-month shelf life, utilizing your existing formulation as a starting point.
Vitali.


-----------


Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming