
-------Template 1-------

Hello, nice to meet you. I just read your job posting. I have lots of experience in this field, so you don't need found another one. If you give me a chance, I'll provide you with the perfect result. I want to more discuss with you via chat, Thank you. Tomas

-------Template 2-------

If you would like me to discuss this project further please let me know and we can set up a time to discuss further.
Thank you for considering me for this position!

-------Template 3-------

Hi
Hope you are doing well. I read your job description completely and I found my skills relevant to your project as an Expert with rich experience of over 8 years. I won't take up too much of your time with a lengthy explanation, as I understand you're likely reviewing numerous proposals to select the most suitable candidate. Candidly, I possess all the requisite skills and experience that precisely match your needs, And I can start to work right now.
Would it be possible for us to engage in a more in-depth conversation about your project through a chat or short interview?
Eagerly anticipate your response. Thank you.

-------Template 4-------

Hi ^^^ ^^^. 
How are you doing?

As a highly skilled Web developer, I can help you perfectly.
I am very confident with my skills and I'd like to help your business by doing my best.
My clients have never been frustrated with my work and I hope to make you one of them.
Please confirm that I am one of the best fits for you and drop me a message for further discussion.
Thanks and Best Regards. 

Helmar.

-------Template 5-------

Hi, there. As a skilled full-stack developer, I think I am the most helpful person. You may lose your opportunity if you do not contact me. Let's talk more through chat. Don't hesitate to come and find me. Best regards. Helmar

-------Template 6-------

Hi, I've worked with other clients in similar project, so I have rich experiences with skills including "". Specially I can work on your time zone for the good communication. I'd like you to discuss the requirements in more detail through chat and start right now. Regards, 




