
------Article Writing------
Hi.
This is Efanntyo from Indonesia.
I am an experienced creative writer with a good reputation and good experience in Creative Writing and Article Writing.
I have been writing for the past 7 years and have written over 500 plus high-quality plagiarism-free reports, articles, and content within stipulated deadlines. I have a strong leaning towards business, humanities, and social sciences, just to mention but a few.
I will provide quality comedy writing, jokes, one-liners, funny stories, and anecdotes, and several kinds of writing.
Please contact me for further discussion and let's get started!
Thanks and regards,
Efanntyo


------Vue.js------

Hello, how are you? 
Nice to meet you.

I am a senior full stack developer with Vue.js.

I am very good at both version of Vue2.0 and Vue3.0.
In the Vue.js, it suggests two kind of APIs such as Option APIs and Composition APIs. I'm very profiency in both of them.
Some materials for UI such as Vuetify 3, Ant Design Vue and Quasar are my favorites for my vue project. I have completed several big projects with Vue.js.

Most of clients have been satisfied with my result. It's my happiness.
I can speak English fluently so you can communicate effectively to save your time.

Please send me a message and discuss more.
I am always ready to get started with you.

Thank you!

------HTML, CSS------

Hi, how are you? 
Nice to meet you.

I am a senior full stack developer with JavaScript, PHP , HTML and CSS.

I have 7 years of experience in web development until now so I have deep knowledge about creating web site, how to make a responsive website, how to create a modern design, how to optimize the code and so on.

I can speaking English fluently so you can communicate effectively to save your time.

Please send me a message and discuss more.
I can start your work immediately.

Thank you!

------Page Speed Optimization------


Hi, 
I’ve checked your proposal about speed up and will give you a Guaranteed 90+ score on Gtmetrix And Google Page Speed (Mobile+Desktop) with average 2 seconds maximum loading time for permanent.

What I will deliver in Advance Speed Optimization:-
1: HTML will be minimized.
2: CSS & JS will be minified.
3: Images will be properly rescaled and optimized.
4: Deferred javascript on larger size elements.
5: Removal of unnecessary codes from your website without breaking front end.
6: Database will be Optimized.
7 : Useless plugins will be eliminated.
8:CDN Setup
I have optimized almost 800+ websites on different platforms including freelaner and gave my clients 100% satisfaction.
I’ll look forward to hearing from you for further process.
Best Regards.

https://ariel-lim.com/   ---desktop : 90

https://www.wpzoom.com/ ---desktop :95
https://korytkogroup.com/


------Antimalware(1)------

Hello
I understand the urgency and importance of fixing the malware issue on your website as soon as possible. I've expertise in removing malware and securing websites, and have the skills and experience needed to quickly and effectively resolve this issue for you.

I would like to offer my services to help you fix the malware issue on your website. I will conduct a thorough analysis of your website to identify and remove any malware, and will also implement additional security measures to prevent future infections.
I'm available to start working on your project immediately and guarantee that the malware will be removed within 24 hours.
Please contact me for more discussion so we can start the project right now.
Best regards!

------Antimalware(2)------

After checking your project description, it seems like your site is compromised by Malware or any other infection.
Please share details of admin panel and ftp so that i can dignose and check how much damage is done and what are option to recover.

Thank you for putting in your valuable time, I will be looking forward to speaking with you.

Thanks

---Whatsapp Bot--

Hi,

I have extensive experience in building WhatsApp bots that effectively interact with users and provide valuable responses. I understand the nuances of integrating with the WhatsApp platform and ensuring smooth communication between the bot and users.

Additionally, I am familiar with integrating third-party APIs and have experience working with chatGPT or similar language models.

I specialize in building several types of bots including:
- Task Automation Bots
- Trend Following Bots
- Market Making Bots
- Social Trading Bots
- Arbitrage Trading Bots

Here are a few of my bots:
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.pransuinc.autoreply
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.chat.rapidchatgpt
https://demo-chatbot.kryptomind.net

Looking forward to a call.

Thanks


--------Telegram Bot(1)------

Greetings,

As an experienced Python developer with comprehensive knowledge of the Telegram bot API, I am confident in my ability to deliver the customized bot you need.

Using the latest version of python telegram bot, I will create a bot that can automate the specific tasks you require, and provide you with the moderate level of customization that you need. This bot will have the ability to check which channels or groups it belongs to, set up messages that can generate buttons and links in the message description, send private messages to new members or members who leave the group, and send messages to specific groups or channels.


Thank you for your consideration, and I look forward to discussing your project in further detail.
Replies within a day


--------Telegram Bot(2)------

Hello,
As a highly-skilled Python developer, I am familar with Python packages such as Dash, Plotly, Pandas, scikit-learn, TensorFlow, etc.
Using Dash and Plotly, I could build web applications that are both interactive and data-driven and could change the color, size, and shape of the graphs.

In addition to that, I am familiar with Open AI APIs such as ChatGPT api to build interactive Chatbot and I am good at TelegramBot development for game, sending file, message, etc.

Here are some of my previous work.
https://github.com/secret-superstar922/Image-Search-Telegram-Bot
https://github.com/secret-superstar922/Happy-Birthday-Telegram-Bot
https://github.com/secret-superstar922/Twitter-Chatbot-TypeScript
https://github.com/secret-superstar922/WhatsApp-Chatbot-Jupyter

As you can see in my review, I have developed Telegram Chatbot for muitiplayer blackjack.

Thank you for considering my proposal. I look forward to the opportunity to work with you and create a successful project.

Warm regards,


-------Calculator(1)-----

Hi,
I have just read your project about HTML calculator and I can help you perfectly.
I am proficient with almost all the languages used in web development such as HTML, CSS, MySQL, Javascript, PHP, WordPress, etc. and gathered some excellent skills on Web Developing.
I've built more than 200 calculator website such as Mortgage and Loan calculator and betting calculator in a lot of them.

Please check my past project.

https://www.zillow.com/mortgage-calculator/
https://calcdaddy.com/
https://www.oddsmonkey.com/matched-betting/calculator/
https://www.oddsmonkey.com/matched-betting/calculators/dutching-calculator/
https://elek.com.au/resources/free-electrical-calculators/cable-size-as3008/

Please contact me for more discussion so we can start the project right now.
Best regards!

-------Calculator(2)-----

Hello, this is Tomas. I can help you with your request.

I know how to use Calconic, which is a web-based tool that allows you to create and add calculator widgets to your website without any coding skillshttps://www.calconic.com/calculator-widgets/mortgage-calculator. I can create a simple mortgage calculator for you today, using the loan calculator template as a starting point.

I have checked the formulas for the calculator that you providedhttps://www.calconic.com/, and I can implement them in Calconic using the formula element. I can also customize the design and style of the calculator to match your website's theme and layout.

I have experience in creating mortgage calculators using Calconic, and I can show you some of my previous work samples herehttps://www.calconic.com/knowledge/create-interactive-calculator-for-website.

I am confident that I can create a simple mortgage calculator for you today using Calconic that meets your requirements and expectations.

If you are interested in hiring me, please contact me via chat or email. I look forward to hearing from you soon.

----Reverse Engineering(1)----

Hi,
I am a software engineer with a keen eye for detail.
I have an abundant experience in Python/C/C++ and Reverse engineering for 10+ years. 
I like to take on difficult and long-term tasks that are not easy.
Reversing and cracking in the app,dll, resource file etc various types of software binaries is that I have been doing since.
I have interested in encryption and decryption, I enjoy working with Python, C, C++, C# and more another language and producing solutions for interesting and challenging requirements.
So recently I have done many projects with API scraping and encryption and decryption. 
Also, I pick up new technologies and programming languages fast and regularly follow software development news and best practices. 
I am able to see projects through from the planning phase to testing and implementation and work independently while being accountable to clients/managers/stakeholders.
I have done lots of application projects for big organizations as well as various smaller startups.
If you give me a chance, I will share my smart and clean idea about your project.
I’ll look forward to a reply from you for further discussion.
Best Regards.

----Reverse Engineering(2)----

Dear client,
I can help with the decompilation of your library and extraction of the source code. My approach involves thorough analysis of the provided file and utilizing reverse engineering expertise to extract the code while preserving any debug information. I will then transform the code into a clean, readable, and compilable format, eliminating unreadable pseudo-code and resolving any ambiguities. Rigorous testing and validation will ensure high-quality code, ready for compilation.

Deliverables include thoroughly documented and annotated decompiled source code, along with a compilation-ready version tailored to your development environment.

If my proposal suits your requirements, I would be thrilled to collaborate on this reverse engineering task. Please provide additional details about the library's size and complexity to discuss project specifics.

Thank you for considering my services.



---------Machine Learning---------

Hello sir.
As a highly innovated web security and machine learning expert, I can do your project with 100% accuracy & am ready to start right now. 
One possible solution for your project is to implement a behavioral detection system that uses machine learning algorithms to detect abnormal voting behavior.
This can include detecting patterns such as rapid-fire voting, voting at unusual times of day, or voting from suspicious geographical locations.
To implement a behavioral detection system, you will need to collect data on normal voting behavior and use this to train your machine learning algorithms. 
This can be done by analyzing historical voting data and identifying patterns of behavior that are typical for your users. Once your algorithms have been trained, they can be used to detect abnormal behavior and flag potential autovotes for manual review.
Another approach is to use browser fingerprinting to identify and block automated voting scripts. Browser fingerprints are unique identifiers that are generated based on a user's browser configuration and can be used to track individual users across multiple devices and sessions. By analyzing browser fingerprints, you can identify patterns of behavior that are typical for automated scripts and block them from accessing your site.
If you are interested to message me we can discuss more. Thank you.

Regards,


---------AI(1)---------

Dear,

I just read your proposal. I am a data scientist with great experience in data analysis and statistics, which culminated in a Ph.D. in 2019. Data gathering, cleaning, processing, and visualization are a few of my specialties, which I combine with a variety of machine learning algorithms. Furthermore, I act as a data consultant for a variety of international companies and universities.  I am currently working at a reduced hourly rate to attract more long-term clients.

I have extensive knowledge of a variety of languages such as Python, R, and SQL, and have experience in using both relational and columnar databases. I also have a range of visualization tools at my disposal, including Tableau Desktop and Microsoft Power BI, for the generation of custom dashboards and providing specific visual insights into complex data. Furthermore, I have experience in both the machine learning and deep learning field, using different frameworks such as PyTorch, Tensorflow, and SciKit-Learn.

I can work with you to perform the required operations. I have previously evaluated and visualized extensive and complicated datasets, as well as developed complicated prediction models. Therefore, I feel confident in being able to achieve the goals you are suggesting.

Feel free to contact me if you would like to continue the conversation and we can set up a time to talk.

Kind regards,

---------AI(2)---------

Greeting!

I've carefully gone through your job and I am interested in your job because I have a lot of experiences in various data science projects like computer vision.

Here is my academic and professional experience as a Web Developer and Data Scientist.

1. Product Recommendation engine by deep learning for Lands' End Inc in USA
2. Deep Learning Algorithm for picking a winner of Sports betting for various sports including NFL, NCAA Basketball, NBA, MLB and EPL
3. Development on Stock prediction forecasting algorithm
4. Image/Video Processing (Classification & tagging)
5. Real-time Face Detection & Expression Recognition from CCTV cameras
6. Extraction the personal information from ID card or purchase information from Invoice paper.

I have rich experience in Stock Marketing analysis by using Data visualization and Deep learning.
Especially, predicting the on-going price with the past ohlcv data is my favorite.
I can finish off the project parts that you mentioned within your deadline with high quality.
I think I am a right candidate for this project.
Furthermore, I took part in several deep learning projects for building prediction models for sports betting and stock prediction and building Real-time video/image classification projects by using Keras and Tensorflow.
I think this is a right opportunity for you to work with the right person. I'm looking forward to meeting with you, and learning more about this opportunity!

Thanks

--------Shopify----------

Hi, 
I have just read your project and I can help you perfectly.
As a highly skilled Shopify Ship App integration expert and Shopify App Developer, I can help you perfectly.
I’ve also have experience such as  Shopify Page Speed Optimization, HTML, PHP, Adobe Business Catalyst, Weebly, Graphic Design.
I can assist you with this create something on shopify. i've designed more than 50+ Shopify Store Websites.

Please contact me for more discussion so we can start the project right now.
Best regards!


---Version Upgrade

Hi, I've gone through the job posting.
It seems that you're looking for a developer who can upgrade current website from PHP version 5.6 to current version. I did same work many many times, I am ready to start work and update code with PHP 8.
Regards, 

---Xamarin

Hi.
I'm ready to start your project immediately.
I've read through the your job details extremely carefully and I am absolutely sure that I can do the project very well.
I'm a Mobile Application developer with 8+ years of experience in C#,Xamarin,.NET MAUI, ASP.NET,MySQL,.NET Framework,Microsoft SQL Server.
Please check my past projects.
https://github.com/sthewissen/Xamarin.Forms.PancakeView
https://github.com/sthewissen/Xamarin.Forms.DebugRainbows
https://github.com/bbenetskyy/XamainFormsSeptemberUIChallenge
https://github.com/bbenetskyy/XamarinCountryPicker
https://github.com/bbenetskyy/GiveMeDateApp
Please contact me for more discussion so we can start the project right now.
Best regards!

---Selenium automation

I am highly experienced in automation and web crawler with Python Selenium and have expertise in web scraping tools.

I believe I could provide the perfect solution to your Selenium automation task. I am confident that I can create a simple GUI that will let you select the time for automated posting to the forum.

Please kindly answer the following questions:

1. Is the forum using a captcha system?
2. What level of complexity do you need for the GUI?
3. Do you need this to be a one-time project, or requires maintenance, in the long-term?
4. Will you provide us with the necessary details, such as login credentials and URLs?
5. From our previous experience, is there any other similar feature you want to add?

I have already worked on a number of similar projects, and we specialize in custom web scraping tools.

I am available for this project and look forward to hearing from you.

Best regards,

-------------Chemical Engineer----------

I am a MSc. Chemical engineer with skills such as process equipmet design, formulations, chemical engineering calculations, simulations. I always do my best on my projects, and try to give fast and correct solutions to my clients.

My core areas of expertise encompass PCM, Process Plant Design, Sustainable and Green Materials, Process Optimization, Polymeric Materials, Formulation Development, Reverse Engineering, and much more.

My proficiency extends to the in-depth understanding of material behavior and utilizing diverse techniques and software tools to develop prototypes before the actual process is set into motion.

Software Expertise Includes:

Ansys Polyflow, Aspen Plus V11, Aspen Hysys, Moldex 3D, MINITAB, SOLID-WORKS, PowerShape, Auto CAD, MOLD FLOW, MATLAB, ORIGIN.
My service offerings include:

• Complete Process Plant Simulation, including Reactors
• Design of Distillation Columns, Absorbers, Evaporators, and various other Chemical Processes
• Simulation Analysis
• Proficiency in Extrusion (plastic profiles, pipes, films, packaging sheets)
• Expertise in Injection Molding (ranging from commodity products to high-end applications)
• Expertise in Dyes, Pigments, Additives, and Masterbatch
• Formulation of Adhesive materials with various base resins
• Specialization in Nano Composites
• Proficiency in Material and Product Characterization Techniques
• Study of Biodegradable Materials
Let's chat and discuss what you have in your mind to realize.

Cheers!

------Chemical Engineer

Hello
I am a hands-on cosmetic chemist with over 13 years of experience in developing wide range of skin care, hair care, make-up products such as lipsticks etc, nail care, oral care, vetcare and personal wash cosmetic products.
I've held various senior and executive level management positions within FDA and EPA governed companies. 
The services I offer include Formula Design and Ingredient Selection (cosmetic raw materials, active ingredients, additives, hydrogels, etc.), labeling and packaging, and the creation of brand identity. I have experience in the development of different skincare products: lotions, serums, moisturizers, masks, cleansers, among others. 
I've checked your project detail carefully and I can formulate a henna paste with all-natural skin-safe preservatives that maintains its dyeing properties throughout a 6-month shelf life, utilizing your existing formulation as a starting point.
Vitali.

-------------Cyber Security----------

I am a highly skilled and experienced Threat Intelligence professional with a proven track record of developing and implementing effective solutions to detect and mitigate cyber threats. I've successfully developed various tools and systems to enhance threat intelligence capabilities, including scalable scrapers, typosquatting and phishing detection tools, and infrastructure using Kafka, RabbitMQ, and Redis.

I am also experienced in digital footprint and dark web monitoring, and have conducted research on developing a complete Dark Web Threat Intel Solution. I have a strong background in programming, particularly in Python, and am well-versed in machine learning techniques to predict social engineering attacks. Overall, I am passionate about using my skills and knowledge to stay ahead of emerging threats and protect organizations from potential cyber attacks.

WORK EXPERIENCE:

• Writing scalable scrapers to scrape threat intelligence from different open source feeds and social media platforms
• Developing different tools to enrich information about IOCs, that provide information helpful in identifying phishing campaigns regarding top brands
• Developing a typosquatting tool to detect potential phishing websites of top vendors or customer domains
• Developing a tool that detects phishing websites based on favicon hash and image comparison of intelligence data with top vendor and customer domains
• Successfully developing a scalable architecture using Kafka, RabbitMQ and Redis that can handle large amounts of data and process them in parallel using async modules of these queues
• Developing an infrastructure using Docker Swarm to simulate URLs from feeds in parallel, capture their traffic and screenshots.
• Integrating phishing kit tool to search for potential phishing signatures in provided website
• Generating passive threat intel to detect zero-day threats by scanning malicious infrastructure
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I've worked Security Intelligence Analyst at TechnoGenics, providing next-generation Threat Intelligence Solutions. My Achievements at TechnoGenics include
• Leading research for Threat Intelligence program
• Hunting sources for Threat Intelligence and automating the process of extracting IOCs from sources
• Using custom tools written in python to enrich information about IOCs and enhancing attribution
• Writing Intel Whitelisting service to remove possible false positives
• Leading a project for Domain Monitoring to look for possible typosquatting and phishing attempts against a company
• Making crawlers scrappy compatible and deployment on Google Cloud Platform
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I worked at Ebryx as part of the Fireeye offshore team. My responsibilities at Ebryx include
• Performing Malware Analysis and writing snort rules to detect Malicious Traffic
• Hunting different sources to gather Threat Intelligence
• Writing Scripts to automate the process of Threat Intel Gathering
• Using NLP techniques to extract useful Intel from Security Blogs and Google Alerts
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I worked as a security engineer with Palmchip, an innovative cyber security company. My achievements while working at Palmchip includes
• Digital Footprint Monitoring of high worth individuals
• Dark Web Monitoring to alert users for any exposed credentials
• Research on making a complete Dark Web Threat Intel Solution
• Writing scripts to automate the process of Digital Footprint Monitoring
• Using Digital Footprints Data to predict social engineering attacks using Machine Learning
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Frameworks/tools:
• Research and analysis
• Threat Intelligence
• Snort
• OSINT
• Dark Web Monitoring
• Python
• Network Security
• SOCMINT
• MongoDB
• Elastic Search
• Wuzuh

Apart from that

I also have experience making websites as a proof of concept for different cyber security companies.

Order and you will not be disappointed